ACC:863: First try to introduce documentation about accounts sdk 2.0 (#844)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/authorization/sign-in-with-livechat/index.mdx

## User flow

Th **Sign in with LiveChat** flow is the easiest way to get access to basic information in LiveChat accounts. It allows you to quickly build an app that can access that info.

Users start the flow by clicking the **Sign in with LiveChat** button:

> <!-- <div style="max-width: 250px">

Reviewer: This will be deleted once we fix the button

  <img src="./images/sign-in-with-lc-btn.png" alt="Sign in with LiveChat Button" />
</div> -->

> <button class="lc-btn" type="button" style="margin-right:auto; display:block; margin-bottom: 20px;">

Reviewer: @jakubsikora, could you help me figure out why this class doesn't make the button blue? Also, I wanted to add a link to Design System to `onlick` on this button, but it didn't work either.

      console.log("User access token: " + transaction.accessToken)
      document.getElementById('login-button').style.display = "none"
    } else {
      console.log("Redirect state don't matches previous one")
    }
  }).catch((e)=>{
    console.error("Failed to authorize user", e)
  })
};
```

</CodeSample>

During the creation of the Sign in LiveChat button, you can use [LiveChat Designs](https://livechat.design/).

<Warning>

[**Don't forget to test the give consent step**](/monetization/app-review-process/#common-problems). Use `prompt: "consent"` to force the app to **ask you for access** to certain resources. It’s necessary for you to test the app as if you were a user who installs the app from Marketplace.

</Warning>

# Accounts SDK

## Classes

- [AccountsSDK](#accountssdk)
- [Popup](#popup-1)
- [Redirect](#redirect-1)

## AccountsSDK

The main instance of the SDK used to authorize users in LiveChat Accounts.

<CodeSample path={'Example class creation'}>

```js
const instance = new AccountsSDK({
  client_id: '<your_app_client_id>'
});
```

</CodeSample>

The constructor accepts an `options` object with the following properties:

> | Property                      | Required | Data type | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: I added the column for data type in each table with params. Could you pay attention to them when going through this doc?

| `response_type`               | no       | `string`  | OAuth response type. Possible values: `token` or `code`. Default: `token`                                                                                                                                        |
| `popup_flow`                  | no       | `string`  | `auto` – close the popup automatically if the user is already logged in; `manual` - always show the popup that requires the user to provide their credentials; default: `auto`                                   |
| `state`                       | no       | `string`  | OAuth state parameter. Use it for better security.                                                                                                                                                               |
| `verify_state`                | no       | `bool`    | Check if `state` matches after the redirect; default: `true`                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `scope`                       | no       | `array`   | The scopes your application will request from the user; if not provided, then all application scopes will be requested. It must be configured for a given `client id`, a comma-separated string, default: `null` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scope`                       | no       | `string`   | The scopes your application will request from the user; if not provided, then all application scopes will be requested. It must be configured for a given `client id`, a comma-separated string, default: `null` |
```

| Parameter             | Data type | Description                                                     |
| --------------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`options`](#options) | `object`  | An object with the same parameters as provided in `AccountsSDK` |

```js
  const popup = instance.popup();
```

### redirect  

Returns a `Redirect` object instance built on top of `sdk`.

| Parameter             | Data type | Description                                                     |
| --------------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`options`](#options) | `object`  | An object with the same parameters as provided in `AccountsSDK` |

```js
  const redirect = instance.redirect();
```

### authorizeURL

Creates an authorization URL for the given flow and parameters.

| Parameter             | Data type | Description                                                     |
| --------------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`options`](#options) | `object`  | An object with the same parameters as provided in `AccountsSDK` |

> | `flow`                | `string`  | `code` or `token`                                               |

Reviewer: Is this correct?

Author: I added info that code could be used only with `PKCE`

> | `flow`                | `string`  | `code` or `token`. Code could be only used with `PKCE` flow     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flow`                | `string`  | `code` or `token`. `code` can only be used with the `PKCE` flow     |
```

```js
  const authURL = instance.authorizeURL();
```

### verify

> Verifies if the `state` parameter from the redirect matched the one provided upon initialization, If it does, the method returns `Transaction`. Otherwise, it returns `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifies if the `state` parameter from the redirect matched the one provided upon initialization, If it does, the method returns `Transaction`, which is used under the hood for `state` verification. Otherwise, it returns `null`.
```

Reviewer: show a sample transaction?

### NPM module

```bash
npm install --save @livechat/accounts-sdk@^2.0.0
```

```js
import AccountsSDK from '@livechat/accounts-sdk';
```

If you build an app using Webpack, you can just import the `AccountsSDK` module from NPM.

### CDN-hosted library

```html
<script src="//cdn.livechatinc.com/accounts/accounts-sdk.min.js"></script>
```

If you do not use Webpack, you can still include the library using the `<script>` tag in your HTML. This will create an `AccountsSDK` global object.

> ## Step 3: Prepare button container

Reviewer: Could you add 1-2 sentences of explanation/comment to this step?

});
```

</CodeSample>

##### options object

The constructor accepts an `options` object with the following properties:

| Property                             | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `client_id`                          | yes      | Application **Client Id** (can be found in <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/console/" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank">Developer Console</a>) |
| `prompt`                             | no       | Use `consent` to force the consent prompt in a popup and the redirect flows. ([See the warning.](#step-3-prepare-button-container)). Default: `''`           |
| `response_type`                      | no       | OAuth response type. Possible values: `token` or `code`. Default: `token`                                                                                    |

> | `popup_flow`                         | no       | `auto` - close the popup when not required; `manual` - always show the popup; default: `auto`                                                                |

Reviewer: A quick q about this part, "when not required". If you don't use popups to get user auth data, but you use e.g. Iframe instead, you will use `auto`?

Author: No, it's also affecting all other flows, but I don't know if it's by design

Reviewer: So when you should use `auto` and when `manual`? Could you explain that in simple words? Because I don't know when it wouldn't be required.

Author: @ale-kacperczyk Updated :D

| `state`                              | no       | OAuth state parameter. Use it for better security.                                                                                                           |
| `verify_state`                       | no       | Check if `state` matches after the redirect; default: `true`                                                                                                 |

> | `scope`                              | no       | Request exact scopes - must be configured for a given `client id`, a comma-separated string, default: `null`                                                 |

Reviewer: The description seems unclear. Could we change it to:

Scopes needed by the application depending on what LiveChat API methods the app uses. Scopes must be configured for a given `client id`, a comma-separated string, default: `null`

Author: It's more like: `Scopes requested by current application` as with no scopes provides we are using default application scopes set.

Reviewer: Hm, I'm not sure about it. How about?

> The scopes your application will request from the user?

Author: I'm also thinking about adding: `The scopes your application will request from the user. If not provided then all application scopes will be used`?

Reviewer: I like that one :)  
I'd only change "used" to "requested"

> The scopes your application will request from the user. If not provided, then all application scopes will be requested.

| `redirect_uri`                       | yes      | OAuth redirect URI; default: the current location                                                                                                            |

> | `email_hint`                         | no       | Fill in email in forms                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: Don't we need to mention default values for these params?

Author: I think it would be nice, gonna add it in a moment

Author: Hmmm, there are no default params for this properties, if they aren't provided then the ystays null/undefined

  ```

#### **popup.authorize()**

Returns a promise that resolves with the user authorization data or an error.

<CodeSample path={'popup.authorize()'}>

```js
  popup.authorize().then((authorizeData) => {
    console.log("authorize data acquired: " + authorizeData);
  }).catch(e => {
    console.error("Failed to acquire authorization data: " + e);
  });
```

</CodeSample>

### **Redirect**

A class responsible for acquiring the user authorization data through the `redirect` method.

#### **constructor(sdk, options)**

The constructor accepts an `sdk` instance and the `options` object with the same parameters as `AccountsSDK`.

<CodeSample path={'constructor(sdk, options)'}>

```js
const instance = new AccountsSDK({
  client_id: '<your_app_client_id>'
});

const redirect = new Redirect(instance, instance.options);
```

</CodeSample>
  
<Text>

A redirect object instance could be also created via `sdk` with:

</Text>

<CodeSample path={'instance.redirect()'}>

```js
const redirect = instance.redirect();
```

</CodeSample>

#### **redirect.authorize()**

Starts the redirect authorization flow.

```js
  redirect.authorize();
```

#### **redirect.authorizeData()**

> Checks if a user was redirected to the current origin with the authorization data. It returns a promise that resolves with the user authorization data or with an error.

Reviewer: I rephrased it a little. Hope I got it right.

<CodeSample path={'redirect.authorizeData()'}>

```js
  redirect.authorizeData().then((authorizeData) => {
    console.log("Authorization data acquired: " + authorizeData);
  }).catch(e => {
    console.error("Failed to acquire authorization data: " + e);
    redirect.authorize(); // Try to redirect user to authorization once more
  });
```

</CodeSample>

### **Transaction**

> A class responsible for...

Reviewer: I left a placeholder for the definition of this class.

If you do not use Webpack, you can still include the library using a `<script>` tag in your HTML. This will create an `AccountsSDK` global object.

## Step 3: Prepare button container

```html
<div id="login-button" style="background: url(.../livechat_sing_in.png)"></div>
```

```js
// javascript
const instance = new AccountsSDK({
  client_id: '<your_app_client_id>',
  redirect_uri: '<your_app_redirect_uri>'
});

document.getElementById('login-button').onclick = (e) => {
  if (e && e.preventDefault) {
    e.preventDefault();
  }

  sdk.popup().authorize().then((authorizeData)=>{
    const transaction = sdk.verify(authorizeData);
    if (transaction != null) {
      // authorization success
      // authorizeData contains `accessToken` or `code`
      // transaction contains state and optional code_verifier (code + PKCE)
      console.log("User access token: " + transaction.accessToken)
      document.getElementById('login-button').style.display = "none"
    } else {
      console.log("Redirect state don't matches previous one")
    }
  }).catch((e)=>{
    console.error("Failed to authorize user", e)
  })
};
```

> During creation of creation of Sign In LiveChat button, you can use [LiveChat Designs](https://livechat.design/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During creation of Sign In LiveChat button, you can use [LiveChat Designs](https://livechat.design/).
```

# SDK documentation

## Classes

### **AccountsSDK**

Main instance of SDK using to authorize user in LiveChat Accounts.

#### **constructor(options = {})**

> Example class creation

```js
const instance = new AccountsSDK({
  client_id: '<your_app_client_id>'
});
```

Constructor accepts an `options` object with the following properties:

  - **client_id** - Application registered client ID
  - **prompt** - use `consent` to force consent prompt in popup and redirect flows, default: `''`
  - **response_type** - OAuth response type, use `token` or `code`, default: `'token'`
  - **popup_flow** - `auto` - close popup when not required, `manual` - always show popup, default: `'auto'`
  - **state** - OAuth state param
  - **verify_state** - check if state matches after redirect, default: `true`
  - **scope** - request exact scopes - must be configured for a given client id, string separated with `,`, default: `null`

>   - **redirect_uri - OAuth redirect uri, default: current location

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **redirect_uri** - OAuth redirect uri, default: current location
```

  - **email_hint** - fill in email in forms
  - **server_url** - authorization server url

>   - **tracking - tracking querystring params

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **tracking** - tracking querystring params
```

`tracking querystring params` - not sure what that means

  - **transaction** - object with options for transaction manager
  - **pkce** - object with `PKCE` configuration

Object `transaction` consists from following parameters:
  - **namespace** - transaction keys prefix, default: `'com.livechat.accounts'`
  - **key_length** - transaction random state length, default: `32`
  - **force_local_storage** - try to use local storage instead of cookies, default: `false`

`PKCE` configuration properties:
  - **enabled** - Oauth 2.1 PKCE extension enabled, default: `true`
  - **code_verifier** - override auto generated code verifier
  - **code_verifier_length** - code verifier length, between 43 and 128 characters https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636#section-4.1, default: `128`

>   - **code_challange_method** - code challenge method, use `S256` or `plain`, default: `S256`

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't that be `challenge` ?

```suggestion
  - **code_challenge_method** - code challenge method, use `S256` or `plain`, default: `S256`
```

Author: You're right but this is a bug in `sdk` itself :D

<aside class="notice">
  Use of PKCE extension is required when JavaScript application wants to acquire authorization code and exchange it for tokens.
</aside>

> #### **instance.iframe(options = {})** - Returns `Iframe` object instance built on top of sdk.

Reviewer 2: Can we keep this format of documenting methods ? 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3074083/108713168-224bf400-7518-11eb-8894-fb67c7118984.png)

Also same below.

#### **instance.popup(options = {})** - Returns `Popup` object instance built on top of sdk.

#### **instance.redirect(options = {})** - Returns `Redirect` object instance built on top of sdk.

#### **instance.authorizeURL(options = {}, flow = '')** - Creates authorization URL for given flow and parameters.

#### **instance.verify(authorizeData)** - This function verifies if redirect transaction params are valid, returns `Transaction` if valid, `null` otherwise.

<aside class="notice">
  `options` objects in all methods of `AccountsSDK` object is used to overwrite data provided upon initialization.
</aside>

### **Iframe**

> Class responsible for acquiring user authorization data through `iframe`.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we could describe this use a little bit more. As a LiveChat developer we know how it works, but external developers might need more info.

Reviewer: Yeah, adding a bit more context would be great.
cc @Adimus11

Reviewer: Okay, since Iframe is deprecated, this one can be resolved.

#### **constructor(sdk, options)**

Constructor accepts an `sdk` instance and `options` object with the same parameters as `AccountsSDK`.

```js
const instance = new AccountsSDK({
  client_id: '<your_app_client_id>'
});

const iframe = new Iframe(instance, instance.options);
```

<aside class="notice">
  Iframe object instance could be also created via `sdk` with:
  ```js
  const iframe = instance.iframe();
  ```
</aside>

> #### **iframe.authorize()** - Returns promise which resolves with user authorization data or error.

Reviewer 2: Same case with methods, as described above.
